(Here is Budapest Airport!)
(yyxy is coming out of the gate with baggages...)
(And the girls finally recognize...)
(that some fans from Hungary are waiting for them!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/yyxy - love4eva (feat. Grimes)"
(This is so unexpected and they all look embarrassed...)
Yves: You know, we just got up so...
Chuu: Yes... we were very surprised~
Yves: Thank you~
(Thank you for your warm welcome~!)
(Now they're moving on to a hotel!)
Yves: We've arrived!
Yves: I couldn't believe my eyes
Yves: when I saw the fans waiting for us at the airport!
Chuu: I was really touched...
Yves: We even got this bunch of flowers!
Yves: And they wrote letters even in Korean!
Yves: We could feel how much effort you put in it. Thanks a lot!
Yves: And the first group photo shooting is tomorrow!
Yves: yyxy fighting!